All right, let's look at the solution,
I'll just open it here, forkids.
So first we're gonna go to
the temperature converter.
So instead of just rendering those
components as is, we are using the props,
so props.renderKelvin.
And they are going to provide a prompt
that is equal to this value prop.
I'm just going to copy paste
this calculation here,
I don't really know that by heart.
And then we also have
the props.render Fahrenheit.
And this value is math.floor some kind of,
here.
So now it says not a function because
we haven't passed it here yet.
So we're exporting the Kelvin and
Fahrenheit component here,
which we will need in the app.tsx.
And here I'm just going to import the
Kelvin Fahrenheit that we exported from
the same file there.
So now we can say render Kelvin.
And we saw that we passed
this value prop here.
So we can now say Kelvin value is value.
And then the render Fahrenheit
goes pretty much the same way.
So render Fahrenheit, Fahrenheit.
Boom, we just got that done.
So that's how you would
change from just rendering
regular components like
rendering into Kelvin and
Fahrenheit hard coded into the temperature
converter to be rendered props.
So if we didn't wanna use the Kelvin here,
maybe we just wanted to, I don't know,
do a paragraph.
You just say value, and then it would
just be like this, nice, I don't know.
Yeah, so you can see that it's like super
reusable if we ever want to change it, or
render different components
based on maybe the patreon or
the component they're using.
Render props can be super, super useful.
Any questions so
far about the solution, render props?
So, actually one thing is that, for
example, if you're using react motion,
one thing you'll often see.
I just know that this is one of the,
I just wanna go to
the documentation actually.
I don't know where I can find those.
Actually, I'll just do it there, GitHub.
So one style that you often see is,
let's see if they have it,
yeah, something like this.
Now this is actually also
a render prop like we saw before.
But this is actually
like a child render prop.
So sometimes you can see that we're
getting those interpolating styles from
this components, which, like in a way
would have called like props.child and
then passed those props there.
So if you ever see this, you're like,
hey, there's actually also render props,
which can be very useful.
And it's still used by a lot of
like animation libraries, and
I think Graph QL uses it as well or
that of Apollo.
Yeah, so you can still see
it in the wild pretty often.
Question?
>> Feels like if there's a set state
on app component, it will create a new
component for render Kelvin and Fahrenheit
on every change of state of the app.
Is that correct?
>> It would Rerender, I mean, yeah,
if you're using state and app,
it would just rerender all the children
that are within that component.
But the same would've happened
if we didn't use render props,
like that would have had the same effect,
because it re renders all the children
within the app components.
So whether we are rendering
it via a render prop or
just regularly through a normal component,
it has the same outcome.
But yeah, I guess just in general make
sure that if you're using a render prop
and the component that you're using isn't
like unnecessarily calling state or
rerendering or anything.
But in this case it would
actually end up in a similar or
in the same results actually.